Working with the Email Sender Authentication Package
https://help.salesforce.com/s/articleView?id=mktg.mc_es_sender_authentication_package.htm&type=5
Enterprise 2.0 Overview
https://help.salesforce.com/s/articleView?id=mktg.mc_es_enterprise_20_overview.htm&type=5
Enterprise 2.0 Shared Items
https://help.salesforce.com/s/articleView?id=mktg.mc_es_shared_items.htm&type=5
Reply Mail Management for Marketing Cloud Email
https://help.salesforce.com/articleView?id=mc_es_reply_mail_management.htm&type=5

Salesforce Certified Marketing Cloud Email Specialist Exam Guide
https://trailhead.salesforce.com/help?article=Salesforce-Certified-Marketing-Cloud-Email-Specialist-Exam-Guide

Reply Mail Management for Email Studio
https://help.salesforce.com/s/articleView?id=mktg.mc_es_reply_mail_management.htm&type=5
Contact Builder in Marketing Cloud Engagement
https://help.salesforce.com/s/articleView?id=mktg.mc_cab_contact_builder.htm&type=5
Data Views
https://help.salesforce.com/s/articleView?id=mktg.mc_as_data_views.htm&type=5
SQL Reference
https://help.salesforce.com/s/articleView?id=mktg.mc_as_sql_reference.htm&type=5
marketing-content-creation
https://trailhead.salesforce.com/content/learn/modules/marketing-content-creation
Content Builder Support File Types
https://help.salesforce.com/s/articleView?id=mktg.mc_ceb_supported_file_types.htm&type=5
Personalization Strings in Email Studio
https://help.salesforce.com/s/articleView?id=mktg.mc_es_available_personalization_strings.htm&type=5
Email Client Support for Default Templates
https://help.salesforce.com/s/articleView?id=mktg.mc_ceb_email_client_support.htm&type=5

https://trailhead.salesforce.com/content/learn/modules/personalized-email-marketing?_ga=2.231306655.1073635036.1753417023-414030901.1753124695
Email Deliverability Best Practices
https://help.salesforce.com/s/articleView?id=mktg.mc_es_email_deliverability_best_practices.htm&type=5
Bounce Mail Management
https://help.salesforce.com/s/articleView?id=mktg.mc_es_bounce_mail_management.htm&type=5
CAN-SPAM Requirements
https://help.salesforce.com/s/articleView?id=mktg.mc_es_can_spam_requirements.htm&type=5
Get Started with Content Builder Approvals
https://help.salesforce.com/s/articleView?id=mktg.mc_ceb_get_started_with_approvals.htm&type=5
Optimize Journey Builder Performance
https://help.salesforce.com/s/articleView?id=mktg.mc_jb_optimize_sending_in_journey_builder.htm&type=5
Automation Studio Activities
https://help.salesforce.com/s/articleView?id=mktg.mc_as_using_automation_studio_activities.htm&type=5
File Locations (includes information about Safehouse)
https://help.salesforce.com/s/articleView?id=mktg.mc_overview_file_locations.htm&type=5
Email Studio Reports in Analytics Builder
https://help.salesforce.com/s/articleView?id=mktg.mc_re_email_studio_reports.htm&type=5
Journey Builder Reports in Analytics Builder
https://help.salesforce.com/s/articleView?id=mktg.mc_re_journey_builder_reports.htm&type=5
Best Practices for Data Extensions and Query Activities
https://help.salesforce.com/s/articleView?id=mktg.mc_as_optimize_the_query_activity.htm&type=5
Optimize Journey Builder Performance
https://help.salesforce.com/s/articleView?id=mktg.mc_jb_optimize_sending_in_journey_builder.htm&type=5
Contact Builder Best Practices
https://help.salesforce.com/s/articleView?id=mktg.mc_cab_contact_builder_best_practices.htm&type=5
Access the Exam Guide
https://trailhead.salesforce.com/help?article=Salesforce-Certified-Marketing-Cloud-Email-Specialist-Exam-Guide






